README.md, before:

# discord-bot-v3

Discord bot for automating role and nickname assignment for servers affiliated with the VATUSA division and subdivisions.

# Server Configuration
[Example configuration (ZSE)](https://github.com/VATUSA/discord-bot-v3/blob/main/config/servers/zse.yaml)

Required Configuration 
```yaml
id: <The ID of the discord 'guild'>
name: <Short name of the server, used for logging>
active: <true/false>
description: <description of the purpose of the server - not used programmatically>
facility: <facility ID or ALL for division owned servers>
name_format_type: <how names should be formatted, see options below>
title_type: <what title should be appended to the name, see options below>
roles: 
  - id: <ID of the discord role>
    name: <short name of the role, used for logging>
    criteria: # list of criteria, evaluated with OR
      - conditions: # list of conditions, evaluated with AND
          - type: <see condition type options>
            value: <see condition type options>
```

name_format_type options
```yaml
none: Do not adjust nicknames (will ignore title options, even if set)
first_last: First and Last Name (John Smith)
first_last_initial: First Name and Last Initial (John S)
cid: Certificate ID (1234567)
```

title_type options
```yaml
none: Do not append any title
division: Will use the same title formatting as the official server (i.e. ZZZ EC or ZZZ S3)
local: Title from facility set above (i.e. ATM or EC)
rating: Short Rating (i.e. OBS or S3)
```

condition_type options

| type           | value                              | description                                                                                   |
|----------------|------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| in_division    | true/false                         | Is the user in the VATUSA Division                                                            |
| home           | facility ID                        | Is the user on the home roster of the specified facility                                      |
| visit          | facility ID                        | Is the user on the visitor roster of the specified facility                                   |
| home_or_visit  | facility ID                        | Is the user on the home or visitor roster of the specified facility                           |
| rating         | rating short (i.e. OBS, S3, I1)    | Does the user have the specified rating                                                       | 
| role           | role ID                            | Does the user have the specified role (at any facility)                                       |
| all            | n/a                                | True for any user who has a verified discord ID                                               |
| division_staff | n/a                                | Is the user VATUSA Division Staff USA##                                                       |
| facility_staff | facility ID                        | Does the user have a facility staff role at the specified facility (ATM, DATM, TA, EC, FE, WM |
| facility_role  | facility id : role (i.e "ZZZ:ATM") | Does the user have the specified role at the specified facility                               |

Commit message:

Update documentation around local title type

README.md, after:

# discord-bot-v3

Discord bot for automating role and nickname assignment for servers affiliated with the VATUSA division and subdivisions.

# Server Configuration
[Example configuration (ZSE)](https://github.com/VATUSA/discord-bot-v3/blob/main/config/servers/zse.yaml)

Required Configuration 
```yaml
id: <The ID of the discord 'guild'>
name: <Short name of the server, used for logging>
active: <true/false>
description: <description of the purpose of the server - not used programmatically>
facility: <facility ID or ALL for division owned servers>
name_format_type: <how names should be formatted, see options below>
title_type: <what title should be appended to the name, see options below>
roles: 
  - id: <ID of the discord role>
    name: <short name of the role, used for logging>
    criteria: # list of criteria, evaluated with OR
      - conditions: # list of conditions, evaluated with AND
          - type: <see condition type options>
            value: <see condition type options>
```

name_format_type options
```yaml
none: Do not adjust nicknames (will ignore title options, even if set)
first_last: First and Last Name (John Smith)
first_last_initial: First Name and Last Initial (John S)
cid: Certificate ID (1234567)
```

title_type options
```yaml
none: Do not append any title
division: Will use the same title formatting as the official server (i.e. ZZZ EC or ZZZ S3)
local: Similar to division, but omits the facility if it matches the server's facility.
rating: Short Rating (i.e. OBS or S3)
```

condition_type options

| type           | value                              | description                                                                                   |
|----------------|------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| in_division    | true/false                         | Is the user in the VATUSA Division                                                            |
| home           | facility ID                        | Is the user on the home roster of the specified facility                                      |
| visit          | facility ID                        | Is the user on the visitor roster of the specified facility                                   |
| home_or_visit  | facility ID                        | Is the user on the home or visitor roster of the specified facility                           |
| rating         | rating short (i.e. OBS, S3, I1)    | Does the user have the specified rating                                                       | 
| role           | role ID                            | Does the user have the specified role (at any facility)                                       |
| all            | n/a                                | True for any user who has a verified discord ID                                               |
| division_staff | n/a                                | Is the user VATUSA Division Staff USA##                                                       |
| facility_staff | facility ID                        | Does the user have a facility staff role at the specified facility (ATM, DATM, TA, EC, FE, WM |
| facility_role  | facility id : role (i.e "ZZZ:ATM") | Does the user have the specified role at the specified facility                               |
